Learning Style Quiz
1. When I operate new equipment I generally:
   a) read the instructions first
   b) listen to an explanation from someone who has used it before
   c) go ahead and have a go, I can figure it out as I use it
2. When I need directions for traveling I usually:
   a) look at a map
   b) ask for spoken directions
   c) follow my nose and maybe use a compass
3. When I cook a new dish, I like to:
   a) follow a written recipe
   b) call a friend for an explanation
   c) follow my instincts, testing as I cook
4. If I am teaching someone something new, I tend to:
   a) write instructions down for them
   b) give a verbal explanation
   c) demonstrate first and then let them have a go
5. I tend to say:
   a) watch how I do it
   b) listen to me explain
   c) you have a go
6. During my free time I most enjoy:
   a) going to museums and galleries
   b) listening to music and talking to my friends
   c) playing sport or doing DIY
7. When I go shopping for clothes, I tend to:
   a) imagine what they would look like on
   b) discuss them with the shop staff
   c) try them on and test them out
8. When I am choosing a holiday I usually:
   a) read lots of brochures
   b) listen to recommendations from friends
   c) imagine what it would be like to be there
9. If I was buying a new car, I would:
   a) read reviews in newspapers and magazines
   b) discuss what I need with my friends
   c) test-drive lots of different types
10. When I am learning a new skill, I am most comfortable:
   a) watching what the teacher is doing
   b) talking through with the teacher exactly what I am supposed to do
   c) give it a try myself and work it out as I go
11. If I am choosing food off a menu, I tend to:
   a) imagine what the food will look like
   b) talk through the options in my head or with my partner
   c) imagine what the food will taste like
12. When I listen to a band, I can’t help:
   a) watching the band members and other people in the audience
   b) listening to the lyrics and the beats
   c) moving in time with the music
13. When I concentrate, I most often:
   a) focus on the words or pictures in front of me
   b) discuss the problem and the possible solutions in my head
   c) move around a lot, fiddle with pens and pencils and touch things
14. I choose household furnishing because I like:
   a) their colors and how they look
   b) the descriptions the sales-people give me
   c) the textures and what it feels like to touch them
15. My first memory is of:
   a) looking at something
   b) being spoken to
   c) doing something
16. When I am anxious, I:
   a) visualize the worst-case scenarios
   b) talk over in my head what worries me most
   c) can’t sit still, fiddle and move around constantly
17. I feel especially connected to other people because of:
   a) how they look
   b) what they say to me
   c) how they make me feel
18. When I have to revise for an exam, I generally:
   a) write lots of revision notes and diagrams
   b) talk over my notes, alone or with other people
   c) imagine making the movement or creating the formula
19. If I am explaining to someone I tend to:
   a) show them what I mean
   b) explain to them in different ways until they understand
   c) encourage them to try and talk them through my ideas as they do it
20. I really love:
   a) watching films, photography, looking at art or people watching
   b) listening to music, the radio or talking to friends
   c) taking part in sporting activities, eating fine foods and wines and dancing
21. Most of my free time is spent:
   a) watching television
   b) talking to friends
   c) doing a physical activity or making things
22. When I first contact a new person, I usually:
   a) arrange a face to face meeting
   b) talk to them on the telephone
   c) try to get together while doing something else, such as an activity or a meal
23. I first notice how people:
   a) look and dress
   b) sound and speak
   c) stand and move
24. If I am angry, I tend to:
   a) keep replaying in my mind what it is that has upset me
   b) raise my voice and tell people how I feel
   c) stamp about, slam doors and physically demonstrate my anger
25. I find it easiest to remember:
   a) faces
   b) names
   c) things I have done
26. I think you can tell if someone is lying if:
   a) they avoid looking at you
   b) their voice changes
   c) they give me funny vibes
27. When I meet an old friend:
   a) I say 'It’s great to see you!'
   b) I say 'It’s great to hear from you!'
   c) I give them a hug or a handshake
28. I remember things best by:
   a) writing notes or keeping printed details
   b) saying them aloud or repeating words and key points in my head
   c) doing or practicing the activity or imagining it being done
29. If I have to complain about faulty goods, I am most comfortable:
   a) writing a letter
   b) complaining over the phone
   c) taking them back to the store or posting them back to head office
30. I tend to say:
   a) I see what you mean
   b) I hear what you are saying
   c) I know how you feel